Document Oct 2022 MDN short survey and results on interop 2023 proposals (#12)
web-platform-dx/developer-research: mdn-short-surveys/2022-11-08-interop-2023/interpretation.md

## Results of MDN APIs & JavaScript survey

| Value | Percent | Responses |
| -- | -- | -- |
| Web Components (custom elements, Shadow DOM, etc.) | 38.7% | 296 |
| File System (`navigator.storage.getDirectory()`) | 26.9% | 206 |
| Push notifications | 25.9% | 198 |
| URL (parsing and API) | 21.3% | 163 |
| Web Codecs (`AudioDecoder`, `VideoDecoder`, etc.) | 21.3% | 163 |
| Clipboard API (`navigator.clipboard`) | 20.9% | 160 |
| Navigation API (`window.navigation`) | 18.2% | 139 |
| Temporal API | 18.2% | 139 |
| Editing (`contenteditable`) | 17.9% | 137 |
| History API (`window.history`) | 16.3% | 125 |
| Pointer Events | 15.9% | 122 |
| Intersection Observer | 15.3% | 117 |
| Canvas text rendering | 14.8% | 113 |
| Import Maps | 13.5% | 103 |
| OffscreenCanvas | 12.3% | 94 |
| WebTransport | 11.4% | 87 |
| User agent client hints (`navigator.userAgentData`) | 9.3% | 71 |
| Storage quota estimation (`navigator.storage.estimate()`) | 8.6% | 66 |
| Priority Hints (`fetchpriority` HTML attribute) | 6.3% | 48 |

_Originally posted at https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/246._

## Analysis

> A layperson look at confidence intervals / errors bars happened in [two](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/245#issuecomment-1311874383) and [comments](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/246#issuecomment-1312098410), finding CIs <4%. In order to not make too much of the exact ranking when options differ by only a few percent, the ranking was instead divided into top third, middle third and bottom third. Comments were made on proposals reporting the results, usually without offering any interpretation. ([Example](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/158#issuecomment-1311876330)) The top choice of each survey also stood out a fair bit from the other options, so that was pointed out for [Range syntax for media/container queries](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/141#issuecomment-1311829551) and [Web Components](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/230#issuecomment-1312116874).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A layperson look at confidence intervals (CI) / errors bars happened in [two](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/245#issuecomment-1311874383) [comments](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/246#issuecomment-1312098410), finding CIs <4%. In order to not make too much of the exact ranking when options differ by only a few percents, the ranking was instead divided into top third, middle third and bottom third. Comments were made on proposals reporting the results, usually without offering any interpretation. ([Example](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/158#issuecomment-1311876330)) The top choice of each survey also stood out a fair bit from the other options, so that was pointed out for [Range syntax for media/container queries](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/141#issuecomment-1311829551) and [Web Components](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/230#issuecomment-1312116874).
```

Reviewer 2: Although https://ell.stackexchange.com/questions/239484/a-few-percent-or-a-few-percents-why agrees with "a few percent"

Reviewer: I didn't know ;) I updated the suggested update accordingly. I'll commit and merge.
